Add Guide for Deploying Static Angular Applications (#527)
zeit/docs: pages/guides/deploying-angular-with-now.mdx

import Guide from '~/components/layout/guide'
import { TerminalInput } from '~/components/text/terminal'
import { InlineCode } from '~/components/text/code'
import Caption from '~/components/text/caption'
import Note from '~/components/text/note'
import { GenericLink } from '~/components/text/link'
import Card from '~/components/card'

export const meta = {

>   title: 'Create an Angular Application and Deploy with Now',

Reviewer: Perhaps an alternative title to hint that the guide is for built Angular apps?

```suggestion
  title: 'Create an Angular Application That Builds and Deploys with Now',
```

  description: 'How to deploy your Angular application with Now',
  published: '2019-02-27T03:00:00.860Z',
  authors: ['unicodeveloper'],
  url: '/guides/deploying-angular-with-now'
}

> Angular is a popular JavaScript framework for building applications across all platforms; web, mobile web, native mobile and native desktop.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Angular is a popular JavaScript framework for building applications across all platforms; web, mobile web, native mobile, and native desktop.
```
